Documentation/reflection.md, before:

# What advice would you give to yourself if you were to start a project like this again?

## Michael
I would probably tell myself to not focus so much on the little details and design, but to really hammer down on those "need to haves" because 
If I had only done that, at the very least I would've gotten a skeleton of what I needed to do which would've saved me a lot of stress and
time because then I wouldn't have needed to worry about my "need to haves" and could've just focused on making a good game afterwards.

Honesty I just wished I would've really just hunkered down and didn't concern myself with the littler detail but just focused on the foundation (need to haves)

I would also tell myself to not waste weeks on getting the movement right (transitioning between blocks while having the charcter ontop and image at the bottom).
What a waste of time.

## AJ
I would probably tell myself to...



# Did you complete everything in your "needs to have" list?

## Michael
I would probably tell myself to...

## AJ
I would probably tell myself to...

Commit message:

Worked on a bunch of stuff. From optimization (I hope..?) to start screens/engagement screens. To implementing assets. Just a bunch.

Documentation/reflection.md, after:

# What advice would you give to yourself if you were to start a project like this again?

## Michael
I would probably tell myself to not focus so much on the little details and design, but to really hammer down on those "need to haves" because 
If I had only done that, at the very least I would've gotten a skeleton of what I needed to do which would've saved me a lot of stress and
time because then I wouldn't have needed to worry about my "need to haves" and could've just focused on making a good game afterwards.

Honesty I just wished I would've really just hunkered down and didn't concern myself with the littler detail but just focused on the foundation (need to haves)

I would also tell myself to not waste weeks on getting the movement right (transitioning between blocks while having the charcter ontop and image at the bottom).
What a waste of time.

ANOTHER HUGE THING I SHOULDVE SPENT TIME ON: Used a more efficent methods of cutting out sprite sheets and assets from the greyscale tileset.
By using sites like https://ezgif.com/ which has a sprite cutter

Another really big thing is I wished we (so both myself and probably AJ) would've found out about https://p5play.org/ sooner and used it sooner.

To Sum Up:
- Don't waste time on nice to haves. FOCUS ON NEED TO HAVES.
- Don't focus on little details if they aren't essential.
- Use automatic sprite cutters (Don't snip yourself, that's lame and time consuming).
- Use https://p5play.org/ WAYYY Earlier.

^Note to students next year: THIS WILL SAVE YOU SO MUCH TIME.

## AJ
I would probably tell myself to...



# Did you complete everything in your "needs to have" list?

## Michael
I would probably tell myself to...

## AJ
I would probably tell myself to...
